He should be able to get out of bed by the president
Why is it here?
I don't know, Dad
They get the money, they run
Uh-huh.
Don't talk nonsense.
Xiaoli is grandpa's biological son
How could he possibly run away with the money?
Yeah boy
Li is my biological son
They won't hurt my dad
Then do you know how they hurt me?
Ah they knocked me out first
Dedicate me to the president of Guanghua Bank
Just to wait until the money is unfrozen
Run away with the money
They won't do it.
They have admitted it themselves
They said we offended Xiao Cai
Can't get the item
The Jiang family has no way out
They just want to get the money after they get it
Just fly away
Uh, dad, don't talk about it every day
I transferred the money to make a comeback in the future
It's not for anything at all, is it?
Ah, let me tell you
He must want the money too
That's why you framed me like that?
Yes, sir
Don't you think he's clearly fine?
He also said that we would dedicate him to Guanghua Bank
He is clearly lying
Now only Xiao Li has not lied to you.
Only he will not lie to our Jiang family
You are talking nonsense.